Pr hacktober fest angular content state management (#2107)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/104-angular/content/108-services-remote-data/readme.md

> # Services remote data
> 
> In angular Services remote data is used to enterprise-level application to maintain code and structure.
> For data sharing between different components. For the testing as well as code debugging purpose. For re-usability and organization of code. For calling APIs and authentication
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://angular.io/tutorial/toh-pt6'>Services remote data ? - Angular.io </BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLhoA3NCqag'>Angular Tutorial - Services remote data</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Services

Components shouldn't fetch or save data directly and shouldn't knowingly present fake data. They should focus on presenting data and delegate data access to a service. Service is where all the remote API calls exist to retrieve and provide data to components.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://angular.io/tutorial/toh-pt4'>Adding Services in Angular</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://angular.io/tutorial/toh-pt6'>Get Data from Server</BadgeLink>
```
